# Tweak Database

Last update to this document: **8th June 2020**

## Directories

##### Reviewed

* Contains all reviewed tweaks that should be stable and work as expected.
* It's the default folder that is alwayes synced in the ROM Manager.
* All changes here will popup the "Tweak updates available" message in Tweak Manager.

##### Experimental

* This folder is unused right now.
* The idea that this folder would contain tweaks that has some bad side effects or are complicated to patch and need some know-how.
* It could be activated and synced optionally in RM. (maybe in the future)

##### Uploads

* This folder is unused right now but it will be used soon.
* This folder will contain all tweaks that has been uploaded using an future option to upload self-created tweaks directly from the Tweaks Window.
* It could be activated and synced optionally in RM. (maybe in the future)
* All this Tweaks will be to review.

## About the Tweak Management

##### Tasks

* Upload new reviewed tweaks
* Remove obsolete or broken tweaks
* Update obsolete or broken tweaks

##### Where to find new tweaks to review

* tweaks posten on my server, generally in #rm-tweaks
* in the future, tweaks that has been uploaded to the "Uploads" directory

## Workflows

##### Review a tweak

This is a quick checklist what conditions a tweak as to fit:

* [x] Ensure it does work
* [x] Ensure it doesn't break something else
* [x] Ensure the name and description of the tweak and the scripts are correct

##### Add a new tweak

You can add new tweaks after you reviewed them and ensured they work.

##### Update tweak

If a tweak already exists but you have a better version of it or fixed a bug, then you can update it. Normally you keep the same name as the existing one and just *replace* it. While uploading it you will be asked to do that.

Before uploading, please do following:

* [x] Increase version number
* [x] Review the tweak (using the checklist you can see at *"Review a tweak"*)

You can provide a some simple notes or a changelog in a comment for the file. Just open the detailes of the file and go to the comments tab. You can leave a comment here. You can also mentoin a use by entering @<his username>. He will get a notification that he was mentoined in this file.

##### Remove tweaks

If a tweak isn't needed anymore or has some bugs that you can't fix, then it's time to remove it. Optionally you can move it to the [Experimental directory](https://pilzinsel64.com/pilzcloud/index.php/f/342453) if you want to update is somewhen else. With this method it doesn't loos any informations and comments.